Updated README and added CONTRIBUTING.md file (#51)
ARMmbed/mbed-os-example-atecc608a: README.md

![ATCRYPTOAUTH-XPRO-B-Shield](ATCRYPTOAUTH-XPRO-B-Shield.jpg)

<span class="notes">**Note:** ATCRYPTOAUTH-XPRO-B comes with ATECC508A and ATECC608A integrated circuits (ICs). Use the J5 jumper to enable ATECC508A.</span>

## License and contributions

The software is provided under Apache-2.0 license. Contributions to this project are accepted under the same license. Please see [contributing.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) for more info.

> This project contains code from other projects. The original license text is included in those source files. They must comply with our [license guide](https://os.mbed.com/docs/mbed-os/v6.2/contributing/license.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project contains code from other projects. The original license text is included in those source files. They must comply with our [license guide](https://os.mbed.com/docs/mbed-os/latest/contributing/license.html)
```
The link is always redirected to the latest version.
